Adjust migration documentation for release 3.0 (#2045) (#2046)
opfab/operatorfabric-core: src/docs/asciidoc/resources/migration_guide_to_3.0.adoc

So if you use these fields in `web-ui.json` file, you have to rename them.

== Configuration file common-docker.yml 

> A new parameter named `operatorfabric.servicesUrls.businessconfig`  has to be add to you  configuration file `common-docker.yml` (or equivalent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new parameter named `operatorfabric.servicesUrls.businessconfig`  has to be added to your configuration file `common-docker.yml` (or equivalent)
```

> For example the following configuration :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example the following configuration:
```

```
operatorfabric:
  businessLogActivated: true
  servicesUrls:
    users: "users:8080"
```

> became :  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
becomes:  
```
